Updates the Ion 1.1 binary encoding (#398)
amzn/ion-docs: _books/ion-1-1/src/binary/e_expressions.md

reader to parse any arguments that may follow. The parsing of arguments is described in detail in the section
[_E-expression argument encoding_](#e-expression-argument-encoding).

### E-expressions with extended addresses

Opcodes `0x48`-`0x4F` are extensible macro addresses, with an offset of 72.
The opcodes `0x48` through `0x4F` share the same 5 most-significant bits. The 3 least-significant bits are used as the
3 least-significant bits of the macro address.

> The opcode is followed by a `FlexUInt`, which, once decoded, represents the most-significant bits of the symbol ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opcode is followed by a `FlexUInt`, which, once decoded, represents the most-significant bits of the macro address.
```
